S3 Attic: Add comment, remove L0 requirement (#9342)
randovania/randovania: CHANGELOG.md

- Changed: The Twin Robot fight is now logically active from the start of the game, unless Highly Dangerous Logic is active. That means passing through the arena now logically requires meeting the fight requirements also before obtaining the Storm Missiles.

### Metroid Fusion

#### Logic Database

##### Sector 3 (PYR)

> - Fixed: Attic: Breaking the bottom right bomb block with Screw Attack now requires Beginner Knowledge.

Reviewer: these are completely wrong changelog entries? why did you move them? theyre unrelated to the pr.
Youre still missing the actual changelog entry of *this* pr.

- Fixed: Typo in the knowledge trick description.

#### Logic Database

##### Sector 3 (PYR)

- Changed: The Intermediate Shinespark trick from Deserted Runway to Alcove no longer requires L0 Keycard in Door Lock Rando settings.

> - Added: A comment clarifying that the above trick can safely be in logic in Door Lock Rando settings.
> 

Reviewer: Comments dont need to be in the changelog. the only time we add them to it, is if the comment includes a video link.
```suggestion
- Changed: The Intermediate Shinespark trick from Deserted Runway to Alcove no longer requires L0 Keycard in Door Lock Rando settings.

```
